Introductory theme: The theme of our website is created through underscores.
About general: The theme of this site is very easy to use. The theme is simple in design and easy to use. The page mainly uses a white background, links are highlighted in blue, and the navigation bar area changes color when there is a mouse. In terms of layout, the format of the website is from top to bottom, and tables are used in some areas. There is a registration button in the upper right corner, which provides users with convenient services.
Edit: The website is customized according to the default theme of the website, the navigation bar has been changed to pink, and the pink title has been changed to a white background to contrast the colors, making it more attractive than the original orange red. Adjusting the navigation bar to make it Longer, and changed the spacing so that you can make better use of the blank area of ​​the page to fit the header. In addition, the text mainly uses light gray and black, and the text color uses gray and black, and uses some bold and large-effect text to better highlight the key points. We provide a logo at the top of the website. The website uses a lot of pictures to help us convey information, and these pictures and text are attached to help users better understand our ideas. All the designs are done in the style.css folder, which can be found in the Theme folder, where most major changes have been made. In addition, we used the options in other CSS theme customization of WordPress. TAB can be used to make some quick adjustments, such as logo size and navigation bar font size.
